you're fat fat now let essence festival
weekend right here at the radio station
with the beautiful Fantasia man my girl
good in a dress let me tell you
something you're looking good nice thing
you've been getting your workout on on
Instagram you're pushing through now the
results are showing I have to you know
what for me it's a lifestyle you don't
mean to live healthy you know not to
look good as well but to also live
healthy a lot of our young people I like
going to the doctor right now coming out
with blood high blood pressure news and
so for me it's about you know taking
care of my temple and living living a
long time that's what that's what you're
doing a good job of showing them the
right way now I'm not sure it's off now
look let's get on this album the side
effects of you your pin was all through
this thing yes this is my first I did
some writing on my last albums but I
have to say with this producer who I
love by the way he actually let me grow
you know he put me down in the studios
like I want to hear your thoughts I want
to know how you feel and I would have to
say the first time a producer has done
that you know with me I guess he's seen
something in me that you know a lot of
people probably didn't see I didn't see
in myself and they're going through so
much I just decided you know I think
people need to hear how I feel and let
me say it the way I want to say it and I
have to hear it from a blog or a news
station let me tell you right so I put
my all into this album so it's safe to
say this is coming straight from your
heart and soul with these words right
yeah and anything else that I do it
always has to come from my cell I'm a
soul singer
so even songs that I would work with the
other producers if I couldn't relate to
it or if there wasn't something that you
know I've been through somebody I know
or somebody came up to me and gave me
their testimony I can't really do it
because everything has to be just really
wrong mm-hmm and it was and let me tell
you something
lose to win again I don't know I you
know I always feel like it's my only
favorite song like nobody loves it just
as much as me but that song just come on
at the right perfect time in the words
from it you know when you're writing
songs are you thinking you know what
this is what I'm going through so I'm
gonna write this or are you thinking
more this is gonna help the other people
when they hear it we'll see people with
me are very honest I don't care where I
am the airport the grocery store people
like stop me and actually tell me the
real truth no they'll just tell
what they go to work what inspired them
and so I take everybody's a little piece
of everybody's testimony and put it into
the song you know because everybody is
going through a lot of different
situations what we all can relate you
know I feel like you represent for women
so well from the baby mama song so that
I mean but without me yes baby you
carried us we mean it's something like
that that was a gap in industry for a
song like that and you carry that's how
you get how did you get that
collaboration everything going you know
I recorded the song the whole song by
myself okay and that was on the night
when I was in LA and I was feeling a
certain kind of way uh-huh
and I remember going into the studio and
I was like look I need some hula club
red like I need that feeling right
now cuz I'm I'm in this kind of mood
uh-huh so I recorded the whole song and
after we recorded it we were thinking it
would be hot to put like two other women
on the song some who you know of course
everybody started thinking like well
who's hot right now with that other I
was like no I want to strong black women
that can relate you know what I'm
talking about and so Kelly and Missy
Elliott it was like the first people
that came they sir you served it on a
silver platter and they just came right
behind you with their kelly kill you
know I didn't record with them but when
they sent the back to me I got Kelly
first yeah it's just like okay she did
that she's sang on the record and then
I'm so like hungry for Missy Elliott
like when she came out with that
nobody's perfect it was like a tease I
saw people wanting a little and I want
it some more some more and so when she
did the the record and she sent the back
I was like she gave me that he have me
haha and I loved it
we love the collaboration what is next
what's next for you what's next to me
Alice I don't know cuz everything that
I've done has been things that come to
me you know I didn't try out for
Broadway it came to me my lifetime movie
the book everything came to me just got
off the road with the opera singer blind
opera singer Andrea Bocelli singing in
Italian so it all came to me and so I
would say I felt like whatever God has
for me is for me and I'll do my best
edit you know I would love to do more
movies more Broadway and I would love to
go back on the road Andrea Bocelli
because it was like a rich crowd yes
well no we know that's not the average
crowd now but guess what if it's coming
to you you must be putting out positive
energy and doing things that are in a
positive way for you for the law of
attraction to be attractive stuff so
positive you know what I'm saying
because you want to a good trick now
it's been a minute
you got this album and you're doing big
things we're so happy to see somebody
that's one of our own you know back on
top so that's a big deal I feel that way
I mean you know I always say you never
know who you're gonna meet
that's why and every room I go to I hug
everybody I speak to everybody cuz I'm
no different from any of you guys in
this room I just like to sing you just
AM so you know without all the red
carpets and all the extra extra I'm just
like you guys and so I always want to
keep it that way so I'm I'm able to go
back and work with everybody that I've
ever worked and for me that means a lot
to me you know and your success shows
that you know how can these people
contact what you keep up with you
movement for cause look we know we will
definitely being a builder for the
concert tonight so I want you to essence
is not gonna be the same after she
ripped this House of Blues stage baby
but I'm just saying how could they would
I know you have your Instagram and your
Twitter you want to give them well of
course you know I'm always a hot topic
on them
TMZ Media Takeout singing you can always
tune into that I know on a serious note
you can always catch me on Instagram
Instagram is my favorite right now I
haven't quite gotten used to the whole
Twitter thing but Instagram is so easy
for me cuz I can you know share my life
with my kids and on my right soul family
so Tasers word is my Instagram follow me
on there don't come on there Santa and
crazy come on we're not having it I've
not changed as fans we're not having it
so yeah you can find me on Instagram
okay well it was definitely nice meeting
with you thank you so much for stopping
she's such a humble and beautiful spirit
so I know for the accent I tried I think
I'm from New Orleans okay so when I'm
out on be like lo yeah when I tell you
you don't owe me nothing that's Fantasia
babe that's why we love you cuz you come
and you serve it just like you're one of
ours you know what I'm sayin y'all keep
it locked so fat fat no let cuz it's
never gonna be the same when she hit
that stage I'm here to tell you fat fat
no let essence festival episode Fantasia
looking good keep a lot y'all
let's do a drop I'm changing your
washing staff at